Now, if this sentence is endowed with an intrinsic nature, your former proposition is destroyed.
There is a discordance, and you should state the special reason for it.

Now you may think, in order to avoid this effect: this sentence is endowed with an intrinsic
nature, and being endowed with an intrinsic nature, it is non-void; thus the intrinsic nature
of all things have been denied by it. – To this we reply: If so, then your former proposition
’All things are void’ is destroyed.Furthermore: Your statement is included in all
things. [Now] if all things are void, for that reason is your statement non-void, - that
statement which has denied the intrinsic nature of all things because it is [itself] non-void?
Thus arises a controversial discussion in six points.How is it? – Well, (1) If all things
are void, then your statement is void, being included in all things. [And] a negation
by that [statement] which is void is a logical impossibility. In these cirkumstances, the
negation that all things are void is not valid.If, on the other hand, the nagation that all
things are void is not valid, then your statement is non-void. [But] that negation which
it establishes because it is non-void, is not valid.Now, if all things are void, but your
statement by which is effected the negation is non void, then your statement is not included
in all things. Your proposition, there, is contradicted by the example.If, on the contrary,
your statement is included in all things, and if all things are void, then your statement
also is void. [And] since it is void, it cannot establish a negationLet us then assume
that it is void and that there is the negation by it: ’All things are void’. But, in that
case, all things, though void, would be capable of performing actions – which is absurd.Let
it be granted, then, that all things are void and that they are not capable of performing
actions; let the proposition not be contradicted by the example. In that case, however,
the negation of the intrinsic nature of all things by your void statement is not valid.Furthermore:
If your statement exists, there arises the following discordance: some things
are void, and some other things, non-void. And you should state the special reason for it,
explaining why some things are void, while others are not. You have, however, not stated
that reason. In these circumstances, your statement that all things are void is not valid.

